welcome this is xavier today i'm going
to show you some of the process of my
last iteration I want to be quick in
this tutorial so let's start well this
is the final minutes but us usually the
illustration start with its own
justification index down then some
context so the tittle is no s leader in
the nighttime background is more winded
way kinky theater on the outskirt of
audience unify the ground along hired
loading vampire face the amphitheater
after making a pile so I this case I use
the first contact to to continue with
with the works so the next works that a
has failed it's this one I use three
base for visualization and because i
think that the camera on the perspective
it's very good to start in point2 to our
travel like this so this is a valid bump
so and finally I I start another one
this is more realistic scene satellites
come from some of the columns another
light the foreground along this is some
of the profits but let's start with the
with the main office with their
background this is the theater the
rendering final rendering now that i
have started
damn it so then I have transformed to
Iranian for applicator it is more
realistic this is not a big deal
nowadays then add some shadows in the
background details some shadows fall
around son Justin give aerial
perspective the first stroke some
materials and dirty strokes then add
some text to flow and the walls of the
columns which are then smooth as the
pillows and some lamps in the new
stadium then select wash on depth in the
Situation Room one are released until
some fallen trees some some natural
elements that could be could be seen
that the strains in forest then add some
the the background to add some more
that we really enjoyed romantic field
today to the situation then add monster
well I think that did you put this liar
are the final image 1 some the
foreground summit wrists in the module
Graham and now the teacher has multiple
dark to know so let's continue with the
foreground let's start with the
turned out of the units can add some
folks that it's their first upon that
was first the second point that due to
see when you do that the idiot finally
some 34 aground to that is the more
nearest point of the deep you the B port
of the minutes from the be able point
finally some adjustment of colors
constant contrast consider so finally
you have some limits this is this three
feet to the initial to initial
definition of the other innings but I
think that in the front leg was so it
will be empty so I decided to add some
more modification to this to the
specification so I add a the monster
that it was almost next phases that are
try are trying to attack to this stunt
character I don't know but I think that
it's it what so my happy with you
directly but have to enjoy with this
another approach tutorial in the in the
next I will try to do some real time
tutorial with some unaware education Wow
again I hope you enjoy and we will see
in the next tutorial bye bye
you